Documentation restructure (#189)
NVIDIA/AIQToolkit: README.md

- [**Profiling:**](./docs/source/workflows/profiler.md) Use the profiler to profile entire workflows down to the tool and agent level, track input/output tokens and timings, and identify bottlenecks. While we encourage you to wrap (decorate) every tool and agent to get the most out of the profiler, you have the freedom to integrate your tools, agents, and workflows to whatever level you want. You have the freedom to start small and go to where you believe you'll see the most value and expand from there.

- [**Observability:**](./docs/source/workflows/observe/index.md) Monitor and debug your workflows with any OpenTelemetry-compatible observability tool, with examples using [Phoenix](./docs/source/workflows/observe/observe-workflow-with-phoenix.md) and [W&B Weave](./docs/source/workflows/observe/observe-workflow-with-weave.md).

- [**Evaluation System:**](./docs/source/workflows/evaluate.md) Validate and maintain accuracy of agentic workflows with built-in evaluation tools.

- [**User Interface:**](./docs/source/quick-start/launching-ui.md) Use the AIQ Toolkit UI chat interface to interact with your agents, visualize output, and debug workflows.

> - [**MCP Compatibility**](./docs/source/workflows/mcp/mcp-client.md) Compatible with [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/), allowing tools served by MCP Servers to be used as AIQ Toolkit functions, as well as serving AIQ Toolkit functions to be used by any MCP client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Full MCP Support**](./workflows/mcp/index.md) Compatible with [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/). You can use AIQ Toolkit as an MCP Client to connect to and use tools served by remote MCP servers. You can also use AIQ Toolkit as an MCP Server to publish tools via MCP.
```
